<loc>TOPEKA</loc>.  —   Timothy Shahid and Joshua Kalina met, went drinking, became friends and then had a falling out that lead to the murder of one of the young men, all in a matter of hours. The victim’s mother, her life suddenly a disordered jumble marked by panic attacks and nightmares, decided to seek out her son’s killer to try to understand what had prompted an act of violence so baffling that even the gunman was at a loss.  With the aid of a restorative justice program, which brings together victims and those who have caused them harm, the two ultimately met  —   each seeking a way out of grief, fear and guilt. Here’s a look at Timothy, Joshua and Joshua’s mother as she becomes involved in the program. (In this related article, read about a meeting between the parents of a college student and the man convicted in the   accident that killed their son.) “I probably broke my mom’s heart when I told her that,” Timothy, now 30, said. “The road I was leading, I knew I was going to end up in one of those two places. ” At 14, Timothy and some other boys robbed a pawnshop, and he spent two years in a juvenile facility. By age 16, he was “religiously” carrying a gun that he sometimes used. He did not elaborate. “Hanging out with a group of kids gave me hope,” said Timothy, who was tormented by his adoption, and the parents he never knew. “I didn’t think my biological mother loved me. ” At the time of the shooting, Timothy was working at a telemarketing center. He spent his free hours smoking pot and drinking at least a pint of Hennessy a day. He customized the black 2005 Nissan Altima with special wheel rims, and was methodical about keeping the car looking pristine. Joshua grew up in <loc>Topeka</loc> with his mother, Judi Bergquist, and was especially close to his older brother. He liked to play practical jokes on those close to him. “He was so funny,” his mother said. He had severe attention deficit disorder and graduated from an alternative school from <loc>Kansas</loc>.