As the dust settles on Russian interference in the <loc>United States</loc> election, journalists are confronting an aspect that has received less scrutiny than the hacking itself but poses its own thorny questions: Moscow’s ability to steer Western media coverage by doling out hacked documents. Reporters have always relied on sources who provide critical information for   reasons. The duty, tricky but familiar, is to publicize information that serves the public interest without falling prey to the source’s agenda. But in this case, the source was Russia’s military intelligence agency, the G. R. U.  —   operating through shadowy fronts who worked to mask that fact  —   and its agenda was to undermine the American presidential election. By releasing documents that would tarnish Hillary Clinton and other American political figures, but whose news value compelled coverage, <loc>Moscow</loc> exploited the very openness that is the basis of a free press. Its tactics have evolved with each such operation, some of which are still unfolding. Thomas Rid, a professor of security studies at King’s College in  <loc>London</loc> who is tracking the Russian influence campaign, said it goes well beyond hacking: “It’s political engineering, social engineering on a strategic level. ” Great powers have long meddled in one another’s affairs. But <loc>Russia</loc>, throughout 2016, developed a previously unseen tactic: setting up fronts to seed into the press documents it had obtained by hacking. “Doing public relations work in order to get the hacked material out as an exclusive story with the Daily Caller or Gawker or the Smoking Gun, that is new,” Mr. Rid said. That public relations work was initially done by two web presences that appeared this summer, Guccifer 2. 0 and DCLeaks, each posing as   in the mold of Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks chief. Though neither acknowledged it, and the links were not immediately known, online security experts later concluded that both were Russian fronts. Guccifer 2. 0 cl