<loc>WASHINGTON</loc>  —   Senate Republicans, under increasing pressure to ensure that   Donald J. Trump’s nominees are fully vetted by federal authorities, have delayed the hearings of four potential cabinet members, three of whom have not been cleared by the agency charged with unraveling potential conflicts of interest. As frustrations over confirmations grow, a group that supports Republicans accused the ethics office and its leader  —   in a highly unusual attack on the nonpartisan agency  —   of politicizing a process long viewed by both parties as arduous but essential for anyone serving in government. Hearings for Betsy DeVos, Mr. Trump’s choice to lead the Department of Education Andrew Puzder, his labor secretary nominee and Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of <loc>Kansas</loc>, Mr. Trump’s pick to lead the Central Intelligence Agency, have all been pushed back as Democrats clamor for more time to collect and review the standard background checks that nominees traditionally undergo before their hearings commence. Wilbur Ross, Mr. Trump’s pick for secretary of commerce, will also be delayed several days because his ethics agreement is not complete, according to the chairman and ranking Democrat of the commerce committee. The delays represent a stumble for the incoming Trump administration, which has vowed to run government with a businesslike efficiency, and highlights how in several respects its preparation to take office is behind that of predecessors. In the case of Ms. DeVos, a billionaire, a complex web of financial holdings may be slowing down the Office of Government Ethics, which helps federal officials address conflict of interest matters, while Mr. Puzder’s background documents are also not in order. Walter M. Shaub Jr. the director of the ethics office, said in a letter to Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of <loc>Washington</loc>, that he did not know when Ms. DeVos would be cleared by his agency as this was “dependent on the nominee to provide needed info