Good morning.  (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Let’s turn it over to Thomas Fuller, our San Francisco bureau chief, for today’s introduction. The titans of Silicon Valley like to claim that they’re inventing technology to change the world, and their philanthropic efforts often mirror those big global goals and dreams, with initiatives to end hunger and fight diseases. But the arts in <loc>San Francisco</loc> haven’t always felt their generosity. Even as total philanthropic spending in the Bay Area has more than doubled over the past decade to around $5 billion, according to the Foundation Center, it’s been difficult for some arts groups to find support with so many organizations competing for attention and funding. Last year, for example, with social inequality such a   issue, one heavyweight charitable organization, the James Irvine Foundation, chose to stop spending on the arts and switch all of its future giving toward addressing poverty. The move has important repercussions: In 2015 the Irvine Foundation gave $15. 45 million to the arts, more than a fifth of the foundation’s total grants. So on Tuesday culture fans were given a reason to cheer when the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation announced a plan to spend $8 million on performing arts projects in the <loc>San Francisco</loc> over the next five years. A panel of experts convened by the foundation will help select 50 works from artists in the <loc>San Francisco</loc>. The performances will include dance, theater, music and performance art. “There’s much more of a demand for arts than we can hope to fulfill,” said Larry Kramer, the president of the foundation, which gets its funding from the fortune made from one of the founders of   the pioneering computer company. “It’s hard to raise money for the arts,” said Ben Mangan, the executive director of the Center for Social Sector Leadership at the University of California, Berkeley’s Haas School of Business. “The arts don’t fall neatly into a cate