A steep drop in gang violence last year drove shootings in <loc>New York</loc> City to the lowest number in at least a   Police Department data shows, a result of what police officials say has been a focus on gang takedowns and targeted arrests in some of the city’s roughest neighborhoods. The internal police data, obtained by The New York Times, paints a detailed portrait of the motives, locations and circumstances behind murders and shootings for the last two years.   shootings fell to 412 in 2016, from 560 the year before, according to the data, which tracked shootings and murders through Dec. 28 of each year.   killings dropped to 79 in 2016, from 129 in 2015. Those   helped push citywide shootings to a new low of 998 by year’s end, police officials said, down from 1, 138 in 2015. Murders also fell, to 335 from 352 the year before. The New York City police commissioner, James P. O’Neill, has noted the department’s efforts to push shootings below 1, 000 for the first time since at least the early 1990s, when the police began keeping similar records. Mr. O’Neill and Mayor Bill de Blasio were expected to discuss those efforts at a news conference in <loc>Brooklyn</loc> on Wednesday. Scores of gang takedowns this year, resulting in about 900 arrests, took violent people off the streets and made it more costly to engage in   crimes, police officials said. “Precision policing targets those people who are responsible for the violence, which in a significant amount of cases are gangs,” said Stephen P. Davis, the department’s chief spokesman. “By going after the gang members, arresting them, we recognize the resultant reduction in violence. ” Violent crime has been more persistent  in some communities, especially outside Manhattan. But the Police Department, in continuing to drive down crime even as it has pulled back from heavy   enforcement and aggressive tactics like    has shown the value of focusing resources on stopping serious crime, said David M. Kennedy, a profess