<loc>Canada</loc>, our No. 1 pick for this year’s 52 Places to Go list, spans millions of square miles. It also contains multitudes, not just of people and locations, but of memories. We asked five Canadian authors to reflect on places that have lodged in their psyches. My mother always kept a bright yellow hard hat in her car, an unexpected accessory for a petite Hong Kong immigrant in her  . She was the senior purchaser for a British Columbia forestry company that, in lean years, laid off everyone in her department except her. (More’s the pity she dreamed of early retirement.) In the meantime, she shuttled between the province’s pulp and paper mills, doing the job of six people, negotiating contracts for hotels, log loaders, harvesters and more. One year, when I was 25, I finally said yes to her persistent invitations to tag along. She wanted me to meet the men and women who earned their living in the mill towns, and who called her by her English name, Matilda. We set out in her car, exploring the  <loc>Vancouver Island</loc>, heading for the northern tip, Port Hardy. This would turn out to be the last trip we took together. I remember the wet October chill eagles descending over corridors of evergreens a seemingly endless highway. At twilight, the world took on the shifting depths of an Emily Carr painting. I had to put up with my mother’s terrible driving, and her devotion to Celine Dion. She had to put up with my moods. I was going through a breakup and had decided that, in order to strengthen my moral fiber, I should camp, alone, for three days in the woods. I instructed my mother to drop me off at my campsite, work for a few days in Port Hardy, and then pick me up again. Port Hardy is a microcosm of Canada: a   town with a complex human and environmental history. The archaeological site of the island’s oldest known human habitation (circa 5850 B. C.) the area is the place of origin for the Kwakiutl peoples. The land of the Kwakiutl, whose name translates to “smoke