Clemson upset Alabama and won the college football national championship,   in <loc>Tampa</loc> early Tuesday morning. Clemson was led by its star quarterback, Deshaun Watson, who threw for 420 yards despite facing a defense heralded as one of the best ever. With two minutes left, trailing by 3 points, Watson got the ball at his own 32 and started a drive. Nine plays and 68 yards later, with 1 second on the clock, Hunter Renfrow caught a   touchdown to win the game. The drive included six completed passes, notably a   to Watson’s favorite target, Mike Williams, and a goal line pass interference call. “I’m speechless right now man,” Watson said after the game. “We worked so hard for it we fell short last year. This game is not just for me, it’s for all the alumni, the fans, my family in <loc>Gainesville</loc>. ” It was the second big title game in a row for Watson, who threw for 405 yards in a loss in this game against Alabama last season. He is likely to go in the top 5 of the N. F. L. draft this year. Watson’s Achilles’ heel during the regular season was the interception, but he threw none in this game. Alabama for its part kept the ball mostly on the ground. Its freshman quarterback Jalen Hurts was   for only 131 yards. Alabama had raced to a   lead on two touchdowns by Bo Scarbrough. Watson cut the lead to   with a long drive that ended with his touchdown run. A game that started as a defensive struggle opened up in the second half. More Watson passing pulled Clemson to within   on a   touchdown to Renfrow. Hurts finally broke through with a   touchdown to a   O. J. Howard, making it   Alabama. Another long Clemson drive concluded with a   pass from Watson to Williams, and Clemson was back within 3,  . Clemson seized its first lead in the game,   as Wayne Gallman punched in a   touchdown run. The key play in the drive was a   pass to Williams, boosted by an unsportsmanlike conduct call against Alabama. Alabama answered like champions with a quick drive. Hurts complet