<loc>ATLANTA</loc>  —   In the playoffs, when the best teams meet, games are often decided by a mistake here or there, or a penalty called or not called. Under Coach Pete Carroll, the Seattle Seahawks have built a reputation of minimizing those mistakes and forcing their opponents to make them instead. But on Saturday, it was the Seahawks who came up short in a   playoff game against the Atlanta Falcons and their potent offense. The Falcons advanced to the N. F. C. championship game next Sunday, when they will face the winner of this Sunday’s game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Green Bay Packers. The Seahawks were leading,   when they forced the Falcons to punt early in the second quarter. Seattle’s Devin Hester, who has returned 19 kickoffs and punts for touchdowns during his career, caught the kick, spun away from a defender, then sprinted down the sideline before being knocked out of bounds deep in Falcons territory. The Seahawks appeared poised to build a   lead. But a holding call on Seattle linebacker Kevin   negated the runback and reversed Seattle’s field position  —   from the <loc>Atlanta</loc>   line to its own   line  —   and two plays later, quarterback Russell Wilson fell backward into the end zone for a safety. After the ensuing kickoff, Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan quickly hit receiver Taylor Gabriel for 37 yards. Four plays later, the Falcons kicked a   field goal to go ahead,  . The quick turnaround unhinged the Seahawks while the Falcons sprinted ahead and captured their first playoff victory in four years,  . After taking the lead in the second quarter, Atlanta’s potent offense had its way with Seattle’s defense  —   one of the stingiest in the N. F. L. despite missing the star free safety Earl Thomas, who broke his leg in Week 13. Just before halftime, Ryan led a   march that ended with a   touchdown pass to Tevin Coleman to put the Falcons up,  . “You knew it was going to be a fight in terms of their defense against our offense,” Falcons C