<loc>DAVOS</loc>, <loc>Switzerland</loc>  —     Donald Trump has never been invited here. Neither has Nigel Farage, the British politician who led the Brexit campaign. The World Economic Forum  —   an annual gathering of global policy and business leaders, who come to debate the world’s great challenges  —   gets underway here Monday night as the shifting political trends toward nationalism and against a sense of globalism are raising renewed questions about the relevance of the elites known as the “Davos class. ” It is this group of   plutocrats that largely failed to anticipate  —   and may have even unconsciously generated  —   the seeping   movement across the globe. Every January, a glittering array of the cognoscenti descend on the Alps: the     Bill Gates, the   of Microsoft the billionaire investor George Soros Jack Ma, the founder of China’s   giant, Alibaba and  —   until recently  —   Angela Merkel, the chancellor of <loc>Germany</loc>. An assortment of Hollywood actors including Angelina Jolie, Leonardo DiCaprio and Matt Damon have made the pilgrimage over the years to promote their nonprofit work. And the conversations tend to be dominated by issues like inequality, climate change and the economic challenges facing developed and emerging countries. This year, the guest list includes names like President Xi Jinping of China Vice President Joseph Biden JPMorgan Chase’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon the head of the International Monetary Fund, Christine Lagarde and former Vice President Al Gore. And yet missing from these   conversations have been meaningful challengers or critics of the underlying theme that was seemingly stipulated from the birth of this event 46 years ago: Globalization has the potential to benefit everyone. “Trump’s election victory is a clear indication that the majority of people are not interested in a world government, but want to return to a classical, local democracy,” John Mauldin, an economic researcher and author, recently wrote. 