A former contestant on “The Apprentice” who accused Donald J. Trump of sexual assault during the presidential race filed a lawsuit against him on Tuesday alleging that Mr. Trump defamed her when he claimed that she fabricated the assault. Summer Zervos and her lawyer, Gloria Allred, announced the lawsuit at a news conference in <loc>Los Angeles</loc>, days before Mr. Trump is set to enter the White House. During the campaign, more than 10 women accused Mr. Trump of inappropriate sexual contact. Mr. Trump denied every allegation. When Ms. Zervos made her claim in October, saying that Mr. Trump had kissed and groped her without her consent during encounters at his office in <loc>New York</loc> and at a hotel in <loc>Los Angeles</loc>, Mr. Trump said he never met her “at a hotel or greeted her inappropriately,” and accused Ms. Zervos and other women of lying, according to the lawsuit, which was filed in New York State Supreme Court. “But it was Donald Trump who was lying when he falsely denied his predatory misconduct with Summer Zervos, and derided her for perpetrating a ‘hoax’ and making up a ‘phony’ story to get attention,” the lawsuit says. “Donald Trump lied again, and again, and again, and again. In doing so, he used his national and international bully pulpit to make false factual statements to denigrate and verbally attack Ms. Zervos and the other women. ” It went on to say that “Mr. Trump knew that his false, disparaging statements would be heard and read by people around the world, and that these women, including Summer Zervos, would be subjected to threats of violence, economic harm, and reputational damage. ” Ms. Allred sought to compare the lawsuit to the sexual harassment case brought by Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee, against President Bill Clinton in 1994. In that civil case, the United States Supreme Court ruled that a sitting president could be sued for actions that were said to have happened before his taking office. Ms. Allred pointed out 