We all know a new era dawns in <loc>Washington</loc> in approximately 12 days, but why should Hollywood wait? Kicking off the E! red carpet show at the 74th Annual Golden Globes on Sunday night, Ryan Seacrest served notice to all that as far as awards season goes, change starts now. “‘Who are you wearing?’ That’s so done,” he said, not long before admitting he was, as it happened, wearing a   tuxedo from his Ryan Seacrest Distinction collection. Conflict of interest issues aside, it was a provocative statement, even in a time when practically every day brings a new provocative statement over the Twitter superhighway. Could it be true? Would 2017 usher in a time when actresses (and actors) did not have to   their clothes as part of the price of entry? Dream on. The   complex is alive and well and serving its prime purpose: marketing a moment of fantasy and escape. Kerry Washington, a <loc>Washington</loc> based designer did her job by not only introducing her     dress as by Dolce  Gabbana but by announcing that it was their special couture line and had never appeared on a red carpet before. Never, in other words, been seen by the general public’s eyes. Sprinkle a little of that    diamond dust on all of us. She wasn’t the only one who could. Ruth Negga also modeled   gold: this time sequins, this time with a futuristic   cool, this time by Nicolas Ghesquière for Louis Vuitton. (It never hurts to send a subliminal message by modeling yourself after a statuette, perhaps the reason it was something of a trend.) When Lily Collins appeared in full   pink beaded Zuhair Murad, her oversize bun like a nest just made for some twittering Disney canaries to land in, it was clear as far as fashion went we were in, well, La La Land. There were trains, on Winona Ryder’s strapless black Viktor  Rolf ball gown and Claire Foy’s Titania dress. Pink was a dominant color, as seen on Felicity Jones, doing a kind of sexy Jane Eyre impersonation in trompe l’oeil Gucci, and Carrie Underwood, in a    top so was yellow (