<loc>London</loc> has its Fourth Plinth, where contemporary artists have graced  —   and sometimes goaded  —   viewers in Trafalgar Square with sculptural work on a bare pedestal originally intended for an equestrian statue of William IV. Now <loc>New York</loc> will have its own plinth, a highly visible permanent stage for ambitious new international sculpture commissions, perched above 30th Street and 10th Avenue on one of the final sections of the High Line. This plinth, expected to open sometime in 2018, will likely change sizes and shapes depending on the artwork intended for it. It is a new creation by the High Line, being built on the spur that turns east at 30th Street, creating a corner that forms a kind of plaza, roomy enough for crowds and for larger sculpture than the narrow elevated park now accommodates. Cecilia Alemani, the director and chief curator of High Line Art, said that the development of the spur, which will be ringed by the skyscrapers of the new Hudson Yards office complex, prompted her and High Line officials to think about a stage that would hold its own with   public art sites like Rockefeller Center, City Hall Park and Madison Square Park. The plinth will be tall enough so that work on it will be instantly visible from the street, but on the High Line itself the space will be flanked by trees, making entering it feel something like walking into a clearing. “It’s almost like a jungle,” she said during a recent tour of the plaza’s construction site. “It’s like you leave the city for a while and go somewhere else. And it’s given us really the only place where we’ll have the ability to put   pieces, which will be like a punctuation in a beautiful piazza. ” Sculptures will remain on view for a year and a half at a time. The program will be funded by the Friends of the High Line and private donors at a cost that was not disclosed. Calls for art work went out quietly last year, and more than 50 artists submitted proposals. An advisory committe