Last summer, the Justice Department decided to start winding down its use of private prisons. Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates noted in a memo that while private prisons were useful when public prisons were overflowing, they made little sense now that the prison population was falling. They didn’t save much on costs. Nor did they provide the kind of rehabilitation programs proved to reduce recidivism. And they are particularly dangerous. A recent report by the department’s inspector general found that prisoners in private facilities, which house some 12 percent of federal inmates, were much more likely to have weapons. Private prisons had many more assaults on inmates and prison workers than those run by the Bureau of Prisons. And they went into lockdown to respond to disturbances 10 times as often. But on Nov. 9, the day after Donald J. Trump was elected president, the stocks of correctional conglomerates were among the best performing on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares in Corrections Corporation of <loc>America</loc>, now CoreCivic, gained an astonishing 43 percent on the day. The reason? Privatization is back at the top of the government’s agenda. While this is being applauded in executive suites across corporate America, the cost for the rest of society is likely to be high. “With prisons I do think we can do a lot of privatizations and private prisons,” Mr. Trump said on the campaign trail last year. “It seems to work a lot better. ” Mr. Trump’s pick for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions of <loc>Alabama</loc>, is a staunch supporter of the approach, having invited private prisons into his state as its attorney general more than 20 years ago. But privatization is likely to sweep through not only prisons. The   wants to privatize health services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. He wants to privatize public infrastructure  —   drawing private sector companies to fix, build and manage bridges and roads, water supplies and airports. He is 