At 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Representative Maxine Waters was on the floor of the House of Representatives, arguing for the importance of the Securities and Exchange Commission. “At this time,” Ms. Waters, Democrat of <loc>California</loc>, said, “with a bill that would basically take our cop on the block, the S. E. C. and literally obliterate  —   —  ” Alas, politics junkies, news editors and anyone else who was watching the broadcast online did not learn how that sentence ended. Ms. Waters was cut off. Instead, they heard the jangling music of a feed from RT, a   Russian television network that has been accused of helping its government interfere in the American election. Some on social media immediately assumed that the interruption, which lasted about 10 minutes, had nefarious implications.    in a statement, had a simpler explanation: It was probably a technical error.  ’s television broadcast continued uninterrupted. Noting that RT is among the news feeds it regularly monitors, it said: “We don’t believe we were hacked. Instead, our initial investigation suggests that this was caused by an internal routing error. We take our network security very seriously and will continue with a deeper investigation, which may take some time. ” RT America, which is broadcast by cable companies within the <loc>United States</loc>, did not respond to an email requesting comment on Thursday afternoon. A recent declassified intelligence report accused <loc>Russia</loc> of interfering in the election and said that RT “aimed at undermining viewers’ trust of U. S. democratic procedures. ”    —   a private company that, according to its website, is available in 100 million American homes  —   receives no government money but broadcasts all live congressional proceedings, providing a direct feed of the daily stuff of politics to Americans who find themselves interested in what their representatives are doing. Howard Mortman, a network spokesman, said he could not provide numbers for  ’s