<loc>WASHINGTON</loc>  —   At her confirmation hearing on Tuesday to be education secretary, Betsy DeVos vigorously defended her work steering taxpayer dollars from traditional public schools, arguing that it was time to move away from a “one size fits all” system and toward newer models for students from preschool to college. The hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate that reflected the nation’s political divide on how best to spend public money in education. Republicans applauded Ms. DeVos’s work to expand charter schools and school vouchers, which give families public funds to help pay tuition at private schools. Democrats criticized her for wanting to “privatize” public education and pushed her, unsuccessfully, to support making public colleges and universities  . Ms. DeVos, a billionaire with a complex web of investments, including in companies that stand to win or lose from federal education policy, was the first nominee of   Donald J. Trump to have a Senate hearing without completing an ethics review on how she planned to avoid conflicts of interest. Democrats pointed out that in the past, Republicans had insisted that no hearings be conducted before those reviews were complete. Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of <loc>Tennessee</loc> and chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, limited the questioning to one round of five minutes for each senator, prompting howls from Democrats, who noted that previous hearings had included two rounds of questions. “It suggests that this committee is trying to protect this nominee from scrutiny,” said Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of <loc>Connecticut</loc>. With time limited, Democrats confronted Ms. DeVos with   questions, demanding that she explain her family’s contributions to groups that support   conversion therapy for gay people her donations to Republicans and their causes, which she agreed totaled about $200 million over the years her past statements that government “sucks”