<loc>HONG KONG</loc>  —   Almost three years after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people on board, officials said on Tuesday that they had called off the underwater search for the plane, ensuring that one of the great aviation mysteries will remain unsolved for the foreseeable future. The decision, which had been expected, indefinitely suspends an intensive   search in the southern Indian Ocean for remnants of the plane, a Boeing 777. The underwater search turned up no traces of the aircraft, although pieces of debris were found as far away as Tanzania. Flight 370 disappeared on the way from <loc>Kuala Lumpur</loc>, the Malaysian capital, to <loc>Beijing</loc> on March 8, 2014, prompting the largest and costliest search in aviation history. Investigators determined that the plane veered off course and flew south for several hours, for reasons that remain unknown. “Today the last search vessel has left the underwater search area,” the governments of Australia, China and Malaysia, the three countries that oversaw the search, said in a joint statement on Tuesday. “Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has not been located in the    underwater search area in the southern Indian Ocean,” a zone of more than 46, 000 square miles. “Despite every effort using the best science available,   technology, as well as modeling and advice from highly skilled professionals who are the best in their field, unfortunately, the search has not been able to locate the aircraft,” the statement said. “Accordingly, the underwater search for MH370 has been suspended. ” At a news conference in Sydney on Wednesday, Australia’s prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, said, “We grieve with the families of the victims and we share their deep disappointment that the plane has not been found. ” “There has been a massive search. It is an unprecedented search,” Mr. Turnbull added. “It has been conducted with the best advice over the areas that were identified as the most likely to find the location of