Sometime in September 1943, Karoline Cohn undressed and waited for her hair to be shaved at a hut at <loc>Sobibor</loc>, the Nazi extermination camp, in eastern <loc>Poland</loc>. Then, as Karoline, 14, walked the final steps to the gas chambers, most likely unaware that she was about to be killed, she dropped a pendant engraved with the words “good luck” in Hebrew through the wooden floorboards. That, at least, is a leading theory to explain the pendant, which was discovered more than 70 years later by archaeologists at the site of the extermination camp, one of the most brutal in Hitler’s killing apparatus. Tantalizingly, the pendant  —   and Karoline  —   may also have a link to Anne Frank, the young diarist who has become a powerful symbol of the Holocaust. “There, along the path to the gas chambers of Sobibor, the pendant belonging to    Karoline Cohn was taken, dropped and remained buried in the ground for over 70 years,” said Joel Zisenwine, director of the Deportations Database Project at the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial, which announced the discovery last weekend. Ten years ago, archaeologists began excavating the Sobibor death camp, where an estimated 250, 000 Jews were killed from April 1942 to October 1943. Leading the excavation team was Yoram Haimi, 55, who has overseen excavations across <loc>Israel</loc> and who lost two uncles at <loc>Sobibor</loc>. Mr. Haimi said in a phone interview from Jerusalem that during excavations, he and his team helped uncover the remains of the camp, which the Nazis tried to destroy and conceal after a successful 1943 uprising by Jewish prisoners. (The revolt, during which 365 prisoners escaped, inspired the French director Claude Lanzmann’s celebrated documentary “Sobibor, October 14, 1943, 4 p. m. ”) In 2014, the team unearthed the gas chambers, whose foundations the Nazis had covered with asphalt to make the site look like a road. Over a decade, the team has found thousands of personal items belonging to Jewish prisoners, including wedding 