<loc>LECCE</loc>, <loc>Italy</loc>  —   One of his first students was a young man he had arrested four years earlier. Others have been convicted of armed robbery, drug trafficking and criminal association with the mafia. The classrooms are frugally equipped, behind windows protected by vertical and horizontal bars, although one has brightly colored paintings covering the walls. But none of that deterred Marco Albanese, a police officer for 19 years and a trained sommelier for five, from teaching a class of rapt students the finer points of deconstructing the bouquet of a chardonnay or pouring a rare vintage. Mr. Albanese, 43, is an instructor in an innovative effort at Lecce Penitentiary to teach inmates to be sommeliers, or wine stewards. The courses are part of a program to teach prisoners new professional skills, as well as to help them develop a bond with the region, which is renowned for its negroamaro grapes. The program has been enthusiastically embraced by the prisoner students, who were tasting white wines on a recent afternoon. It has also been an eye opener for Mr. Albanese. “I could see their human aspect, once they were out of their context,” Mr. Albanese, who traded in his police uniform for the crisp blue jacket and tie of a sommelier for the class. “And I didn’t have to keep the same distance, now that I was their ‘professor. ’” He added, “They also deserve a second chance, and it’s important that they know that the institutions do believe that they can be educated to a different life. ” In eight lessons, the group of 30 men and women, who are instructed in separate classes, learn how to taste, choose and serve local wines. “We hope to teach them the social value of work and the preciousness of their own territory, so that they can later choose to work here, already having the right skill set,” said Rita Russo, the director of Lecce Penitentiary, which is the largest in the region of <loc>Apulia</loc>. Inmates can also study for their high school diplomas, 