<loc>WASHINGTON</loc>  —     Donald J. Trump is expected to choose as director of national intelligence   Senator Dan Coats, a former ambassador to <loc>Germany</loc>, secret foodie and lover of all things Indiana who also served as a member of his chamber’s Intelligence Committee. Known for a   style, Mr. Coats was popular among his colleagues. “I always thought he should wear a red cardigan,” said Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of <loc>Colorado</loc>. “He was the closest thing to Mister Rogers we could come up with. ” While fiscally conservative, Mr. Coats, an Indiana Republican who completed his second Senate stint this month, often found common cause with Democrats, who described him as thoughtful on intelligence and national security issues, with a sharp intellect and disarming humor. “I have always been impressed with his demeanor,” said Senator Angus King, a Maine independent who caucuses with the Democrats, and who served on the Intelligence Committee with Mr. Coats and traveled with him in Eastern <loc>Europe</loc>. “He’s not a fierce partisan and knows the intelligence community. He’s very amiable and easy to work with. ” The position of America’s top intelligence official was created by Congress in 2004, as a response to criticism that the nation’s spy agencies had failed to detect and prevent the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. Since then, the director has been charged with coordinating the   and analysis of the country’s 16 civilian and military spy agencies, helping to prevent a terrorist attack and serving as a central liaison to presidents and their White House staff. But bureaucratic turf wars have dogged the office of the director of national intelligence since its creation. Officials who run the C. I. A. and the Defense Intelligence Agency, among others, have sought to maintain control over parts of the spying apparatus, and to exert influence with presidents and members of Congress. In 2009, for example, Leon E. Panetta, President Obama’s incoming C. 