She skipped almost every class her sophomore year and still maintained perfect attendance. The trick was to drop in for the start of third period, wait for attendance to be recorded for the day and then leave with a bathroom pass. By the time her mother found out about the scheme, Skylynn Vazquez was failing every subject. Most days, Saquan Bright did not bother to show up at Boys and Girls High School in   <loc>Brooklyn</loc>. He chose to roam the streets with his friends. But then Ms. Vazquez and Mr. Bright found a school designed for students like them: Brooklyn High School for Leadership and Community Service in <loc>Clinton Hill</loc>, which is operated by Brooklyn Community Services, one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. Leadership, one of 57 transfer schools in <loc><loc>New York</loc> City</loc>  —   established to help students struggling in traditional schools  —   has 202 students ages 16 to 21. By the time students reach Leadership, they have either dropped out of their regular schools or neared that point because of low grades or poor attendance. Many come from unstable homes, living with single parents in shelters and temporary housing, and have spent time in the criminal justice system. And 82 percent of the students qualify for free lunch because of their family’s income. The flexible school schedule  —   which allows for free periods  —   enables students to concentrate on courses required to graduate. And the school provides an optional paid internship program, which is appealing to students, some of whom help support their families or who are legally emancipated and support themselves. Before Leadership, Mr. Bright could not keep up with the demands at Boys and Girls High School. He struggled to pay attention in class, and could not finish tests in time. Still, he was not tested for a learning disability until he was enrolled at Leadership. Now he receives services at Leadership and extended time for tests, and his grades have improved. At