<loc>SEOUL</loc>, <loc>South Korea</loc>  —   A special prosecutor investigating the corruption scandal that led to President Park  ’s impeachment summoned the de facto head of Samsung for questioning on Wednesday, calling him a bribery suspect. The de facto leader, Jay Y. Lee, the vice chairman of Samsung, will be questioned on Thursday, according to the special prosecutor’s office, which recommended that he also be investigated on suspicion of perjury. Mr. Lee effectively runs Samsung, South Korea’s largest conglomerate he is the son of its chairman, Lee   who has been incapacitated with health problems. He is expected to be asked whether   donations that Samsung made to two foundations controlled by Choi   a longtime friend of the president, amounted to bribes, and what role, if any, he played in the decision to give the money. Investigators at the special prosecutor’s office have questioned other senior Samsung executives as suspects about the bribery accusations. Neither Samsung nor Mr. Lee responded immediately to the announcement on Wednesday. Allegations that Ms. Park helped Ms. Choi extort millions in bribes from Samsung and other companies are at the heart of the corruption scandal that led to the National Assembly’s vote to impeach her last month. Since then, Ms. Park’s powers have been suspended, and she is on trial at the Constitutional Court, which will ultimately decide whether to end her presidency. Last month, Mr. Lee testified at a National Assembly hearing that he was not involved in the decision by Samsung to make the donations. He also said that the donations were not voluntary, suggesting that the company was a victim of extortion, not a participant in bribery. The reference on Wednesday to possible perjury charges against Mr. Lee stemmed from that testimony. The special prosecutor’s office said it had evidence that Mr. Lee had “received a request for bribery from the president and ordered Samsung subsidiaries to send bribes to destinations designa