<loc>WASHINGTON  —   President Obama said Thursday that he was terminating the    policy that has allowed Cubans who arrived on <loc>United States soil without visas to remain in the country and gain legal residency, an unexpected move long sought by the Cuban government. “Effective immediately, Cuban nationals who attempt to enter the <loc>United States illegally and do not qualify for humanitarian relief will be subject to removal, consistent with <loc>U. S. law and enforcement priorities,” Mr. Obama said in a statement. “By taking this step, we are treating Cuban migrants the same way we treat migrants from other countries. ” The move places a finishing touch on Mr. Obama’s efforts as president to end a   of hostility between the <loc>United States and <loc>Cuba and to establish normalized relations and diplomatic ties with a government American presidents have long sought to isolate and punish. The action came through a new Department of Homeland Security regulation and a deal with the Cuban government, which Mr. Obama said had agreed to accept the return of its citizens. “What we’ve agreed to is that the past is past, and the future will be different,” said Jeh Johnson, the Homeland Security secretary. “This is us repealing a policy unique to <loc>Cuba given the nature of the relationship 20 years ago, which is very different right now. ” The   “wet foot, dry foot” policy, which dates to 1995, owes its name to its unusual rules, which require Cubans caught trying to reach the <loc>United States by sea to return home, yet allow those who make it onto American soil to stay and eventually apply for legal, permanent residency. It was one way in which the <loc>United States tried to weaken Fidel Castro’s government, by welcoming tens of thousands of Cubans fleeing repression. In recent years, however, it has become a magnet for economic refugees, enticing many Cubans to make a perilous journey to the <loc>United States, where they enjoy a status unlike migrants from any other country. ??