At a sleepy show last month in the grim basement of the Broadway Comedy Club, a Midtown spot that feels frozen in time from the 1980s comedy boom, Julio Torres looked at his feet, speaking to a small crowd in a near monotone. “The hardest part about being vegan is the apologies,” he said, to silence. “People ask if I miss meat or dairy. I miss being liked. ” Mr. Torres, a millennial comic with a slight build, shy persona and a hint of an accent (he emigrated from El Salvador) is better known in alternative spaces than in clubs, but this line got a big laugh. He raised his   blond head and made eye contact before going for the kill: “I don’t miss cheese. I miss being asked to do things. I miss my friends and family. ” Judging by the    surroundings, you would never know that Mr. Torres is the newest star of “Saturday Night Live. ” He has never appeared on the show, but if you’ve been surprised by incongruously dreamy comedy this season, chances are he had something to do with it. Mr. Torres, who has the same delightfully alien sensibility as his sometimes nickname, Space Prince, joined the writing staff in the fall and has already introduced a new style to the show, which returns on Saturday after a holiday break. Early in his tenure, he wrote a distinctively moody digital short, half in Spanish, starring   Miranda as a sensitive boy named Diego calling his mother in <loc>Mexico</loc> from a telephone booth in a <loc>North Dakota</loc> cornfield, describing <loc>America</loc> with wonder and romance. (He explains a marshmallow salad with the baffled awe of someone seeing a U. F. O.) This monologue played as flashbacks of   signs and football players took nostalgic tropes of Americana and repurposed them into an immigrant’s love letter. There were slight homoerotic overtones but not a note of gay panic. Mr. Torres, with Anna Drezen, also wrote a “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” satire the next week that imagined the sparring partners of that 1962 drama as hamsters trapped