Looking to the federal government to rein in police excesses can be an exercise in managed expectations. On Friday, Chicago agreed to revamp its police department after the Justice Department found routine use of excessive force, and the mayor said he would negotiate a   settlement, known as a consent decree. But that is no guarantee of results  —   and not just because the man most likely to be the next attorney general has said he is skeptical of such endeavors. Attempts to force change in police departments have met with mixed success even under the Obama administration, which made police reform a signature issue. It has opened 25 investigations into law enforcement agencies over issues like excessive force, racial bias and poor supervision, issuing reports choking with outrage. Los Angeles, which was under a consent decree for 11 years, is regarded as one of the great success stories. “<loc>Los Angeles</loc> is a different place today because of the consent decree and the leadership of the department,” said Chuck Wexler, the executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, a Washington think tank. In <loc>Detroit</loc>, which emerged from a   consent decree last year, officer shootings and warrantless arrests have declined significantly. But Pittsburgh, the target of the first consent decree based on a Justice Department finding of a “pattern and practice” of misconduct, later backslid after changes in leadership, said Samuel Walker, a criminal justice professor at the University of Nebraska at <loc>Omaha</loc>. And while Miami reduced police shootings to zero for 20 months after a federal investigation in 2002 that was later closed with no settlement, the Justice Department in 2013 reinvestigated and found a pattern of excessive force with firearms, underscoring some experts’ view that consent decrees or other settlements are needed for enduring improvements. Last year, Miami settled the 2013 inquiry by agreeing to improve supervision, training and internal investigations