<loc>WASHINGTON</loc>  —   With tensions escalating between   Donald J. Trump and prominent black leaders, Mr. Trump met privately on Monday with the eldest son of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the holiday devoted to the civil rights hero. The hastily arranged meeting at Trump Tower occurred as Mr. Trump feuded publicly with  Representative John Lewis, Democrat of <loc>Georgia</loc>, who fought for civil rights alongside Dr. King. It has highlighted the challenges Mr. Trump faces as he prepares to take office on Friday deeply distrusted by minorities across the country, many of whom have been offended by his false allegations that President Obama was born outside the <loc>United States</loc>, appalled that his candidacy drew backing from white supremacist organizations, and dismayed at policy proposals they consider antithetical to their interests. Mr. Trump on Monday did not address those issues, appearing in the lobby to allow news cameras to capture pictures of him shaking hands with Martin Luther King III, but ignoring questions shouted by reporters about their conversation or his statements about Mr. Lewis. Tentative plans for Mr. Trump to visit the Smithsonian Museum of   History and Culture in <loc>Washington</loc>, as the nation paused to remember Dr. King, had been shelved in favor of the   session, which lasted just under one hour. But Mr. Trump made sure that journalists had an opportunity to see him with Mr. King, a visual manifestation of his stated aspiration to unite a divided nation. Mr. King said the session, which included a discussion about voting rights, had been “constructive,” and described Mr. Trump as eager to present himself as inclusive. “He said that he is going to represent Americans  —   he’s said that over and over again,” Mr. King, the president of the Drum Major Institute, a progressive New   public policy organization, told reporters. “We will continue to evaluate that. ” On Monday, Mr. King sought to defuse the furor surrounding Mr. Trump’s remark