<loc>WASHINGTON</loc>  —     Donald J. Trump on Wednesday selected Sonny Perdue, the former governor of <loc>Georgia</loc>, to be his secretary of agriculture, two senior transition officials said, making his final cabinet selection two days before he is to be sworn in as president. Mr. Perdue, a onetime veterinarian who was elected in 2003 as Georgia’s first Republican governor since Reconstruction, campaigned heavily for Mr. Trump in the final months of the presidential race, although he had initially backed a rival, former Gov. Mike Huckabee of <loc>Arkansas</loc>. His selection ensures that Mr. Trump will enter office with a full complement of chosen cabinet officials, although none have been confirmed. Senators are wrangling over how many nominees can be confirmed by the time Mr. Trump is sworn in on Friday, with Republicans insisting on a series of quick votes and Democrats objecting that they have not had adequate time to vet the candidates, many of whom submitted ethics disclosures late. The two officials confirmed the decision on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment on it before the formal announcement. Mr. Perdue has spoken with Mr. Trump in detail about his views on agriculture and trade, including ways to ensure American producers are not placed at a disadvantage in international agreements. In an interview in December, Mr. Perdue said Mr. Trump had quizzed him on what he would do about unfair trade deals. He said the   “believes that we in the <loc>U. S.</loc> have been sort of patsies over the years in the way we’ve dealt with our foreign competitors and international trade. ” Mr. Perdue, who once ran a grain and fertilizer business, was among the first candidates Mr. Trump interviewed for the post. But the process dragged on for weeks as the  ’s team debated whether it would be better off choosing someone from a different part of the country or selecting an ethnic minority to balance out an overwhelmingly white, male and wealthy cabinet. Mr. Perdue,